SCRAP RPG

WEAPON CRAFTING/FORGING

Changes/Comments:

	[Andy] [3:28 PM 2015-07-28]
		- Initialised, added concept
		- Important terms are now single-quoted the first time they come into use
		- Quoted terms will later be added in the dictionary
		- Use of word 'ability' will now refer to in-battle abilities. 
		'Skills' will be specializations that a player can unlock (forging, crafting, fletching, etc.)

Concept:

	Players can use in-game items to 'craft' weapons, which have specific recipes. To make these weapons stronger, they can 'forge' them with
	various materials, or 'enchant' them if they have the skill. Players can only craft weapons that they have the recipes for.
	Players can learn new recipes through leveling-up, quests, NPCs, and scrolls that they find throughout their journey. 
	Upon reaching a certain level, all the Warrior classes unlock the Forging skill. 
	Upon reaching a certain level, all the Mage classes unlock the Enchanting skill. 
	Players have access to preset recipes, but if they have the "Custom-Crafting" skill, they can craft specialized weapons.
	
Weapon Types Info Chart: 

M   - Melee
R   - Ranged
MA	- Magic

------------------------------------------------------------
NAME		TYPE		PARTS NEEDED		CLASSES

Sword   	M			Blade, Hilt			All
Spear		R/M			Shaft, Pole			Warrior, Fighter
Staff		MA/M		Orb, Pole			Mage
Bow			R			Frame, String		All
Hammer		M			Head, Handle		Warrior, Fighter
Axe			M			Head, Handle	Warrior
Whip		R			Lash, Handle		Fighter
------------------------------------------------------------
Note: All preset weapons are variations of the above classes.

Traditional Crafting:

All weapons are made up of 'parts', which  are combined to craft the weapon. Recipes for weapon crafting are simply a list
of parts that the player must have upon crafting (which will be used up after crafting). Players can buy, find, or craft 
specific parts throughout The Game (HAH GOT YAH XD), for crafting. Preset weapons with recipes need parts that fit them.

Example: 	Iron Broadsword  = Iron Blade + Iron Hilt
			Staff of Light   = Holy Orb + Driftwood Pole

Custom-Crafting:

Players with this skill can access a GUI with various slots. In this GUI, they can place parts in their slots to combine them with
other compatible slots to create weapons that suit their specific needs. Bow and Whip type weapons though, require their own seperate
GUIs, as their parts aren't compatible with others. If a custom recipe is original, the player gets to name the weapon. But if a custom 
recipe coincides with a preset recipe, the weapon's name shows up as the preset's, not what the player names it.

Example:

The combination below would result in a Pole-Axe. 

HEAD		HEAD		BODY			END
Iron Shaft	Axe-Head	Wooden Pole		None